USING GITHUB
Log to github.com
Create your account. Keep remember your credentials, that is your email address and your password
Create your remote folder , repository, on github server, say ¡°ninja¡±
Go to the linux command line interface
Type cd to go to your home directory in your computer,
Create a local folder by mikdir command in your computer which will match the remote directory already created. 
Go to that newly created folder by the cd command
Initialize it by the git init command
Add it to the remote server by ¡°git remote add https://github.com/you/repo_name/remote_folder.git¡±
Then push it by¡± git push ¨Cu origin master¡±
Give your username and password you used to created at step 2 
Create a file in your created local folder by typing touch filename. Now it is created  in the file system
Add it to the local folder by the ¡°git add file_name¡±
Commit it in  order to confirm the change by git commit ¨Cm ¡°your message of why did that¡±. Do not forget the double quotes on the reason why you made that change
Then inform the repository folder on the server by ¡°git push origin master¡± or ¡°push -u origin master¡±.
Go to the webpage and refresh to check the changes done. This means that if you are working with other people on the same file, then when the changes you make appear to their profile page, so the file/files changed appear there and the reason why you changed it, and they can read the file content to see what and how you changed it.
To get the changes done on your local computer, do it by ¡°git status¡±. If you changed some files, or created some files, but not pushed to the repository, they will be listed in green color, in red color to show that they are not showed in the 
You can remove the folder  in the staging by using the ¡°rm file_name¡± command. This will remove the file in the system file but not in the local directory. Use ¡°git rm filename¡± to remove the file in the local directory. Then commit it by ¡°git commit -m ¡°message¡±¡± so that you inform others that you removed the file and the reason why you did it. Remove it to the repo directory by ¡°git push origin master¡±.
You can clone another person¡¯s local folder (with a .git extension), from another person who has given you his URL. You will get all of his folder¡¯s content and store it in your machine. Then you can go inside this folder and do whatever you want, including creating files, changing content and deleting the files. Remember to commit and push to the repository folder.

Sometimes, after you create and commit many files, you may need to delete some from your local directory before you send them to the repository. In that time you need use the "git revert filename" command.